Added security fixes documentation (#1811)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/deployment/security/security.rst

.. _security-overview:

###################
Security Overview
###################

Here we cover security aspects of running your flyte deployments. In the current state we will be covering the user
which is used for running the flyte services and we will go through why we do this and not run them as root user

#################
Why non-root user
#################

> Up until now all the containers that are used for bringing up the flyte deployment used the default root user to bring
> up the services. We use docker for container packaging and by default its containers run as root. This gives full

Reviewer: Generally speaking, let's talk about the things as facts... docs are sort of timeless.. people will read them and they don't need to learn about the transition from root to non-root IMHO... they just need to learn about why we are running as non-root... 

```suggestion
Flyte uses docker for container packaging and by default its containers run as root. This gives full
```

Author: Sounds good. Done

permissions on the system but may not be suitable for production deployments where a security breach could comprise your
application deployments.

> Its considered to be a best practise for security because running in constrained permission environment will prevent any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's considered to be a best practice for security because running in constrained permission environment will prevent any
```

malicious code from utilizing the full permissions of the host.`Ref <https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/07/18/11-ways-not-to-get-hacked/#8-run-containers-as-a-non-root-user>`__
Also in certain container platforms like `OpenShift <https://engineering.bitnami.com/articles/running-non-root-containers-on-openshift.html>`__ running non-root containers is mandatory.

*******
Changes
*******
New user group and user have been added to the Docker files for all the flyte components
`Flyteadmin <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyteadmin/blob/master/Dockerfile>`__
`Flytepropeller <https://github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/blob/master/Dockerfile>`__
`Datacatalog <https://github.com/flyteorg/datacatalog/blob/master/Dockerfile>`__
`Flyteconsole <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyteconsole/blob/master/Dockerfile>`__

> And Dockerfile uses `USER command <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#user>`__ which helps in setting user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And Dockerfile uses `USER command <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#user>`__ which sets user
```

and group which will be used for running the container.

> Additionally the orchestration yaml files for the flyte components define the overriden security context with the created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally the k8s manifest files for the flyte components define the overridden security context with the created
```

user and group to run them. Following shows the overriden security context added for flyteadmin
`Flyteadmin <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/master/charts/flyte/templates/admin/deployment.yaml>`__

************
Why override
************
There are certain init-containers that still require root permissions and hence we required to override the security
context for these.

> For eg : in case of `Flyteadmin <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/master/charts/flyte/templates/admin/deployment.yaml>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: in case of `Flyteadmin <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/master/charts/flyte/templates/admin/deployment.yaml>`__
```

> the init container of check-db-ready is not able to resolve the host for the checks and fails. This is mostly due to no read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the init container of check-db-ready that runs postgres-provided docker image is not able to resolve the host for the checks and fails. This is mostly due to no read
```

> permissions on etc/hosts file. Only the check-db-ready container is run using the root user and which we will plan to fix aswell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
permissions on etc/hosts file. Only the check-db-ready container is run using the root user and which we will plan to fix as well.
```
